Update mitiq bounties 2 (#46)
unitaryfund/unitaryhack: participating-projects.md

- [Add tutorial example where mitiq makes a variational problem trainable](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/issues/529)

#### $75 each

- [Add type check to CI](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/issues/489)

#### $25 each

- [Add an XACC executor example and item to software list](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/issues/357)
- [Warn users when their programs are too short](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/issues/275)

> - [Finish the TODOs in the Braket conversions PR](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/pull/590)

Reviewer: You beat me @crazy4pi314 :) there is now an issue for this. https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/issues/679

> - [Finish the implementation of Braket conversions](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/issues/275)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Finish the TODOs in the Braket conversions PR](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/pull/590)
```
